docs: revise home page (#5441)
canonical/snapcraft: docs/index.rst

Snapcraft
=========

**Snapcraft** is the command-line build tool for packaging and distributing software and
apps in the snap container format.

The tool provides platform-specific plugins and extensions to streamline and simplify
the packaging process. Snaps can be tested, debugged, and locally shared before being

> published to the global Snap Store and private stores. It uses simple commands to manage

Reviewer: > and private stores

Is this use case common enough to warrant a mention on the home page?

> and monitor releases at a granular level.

Reviewer: It feels a bit odd to have plugins and extensions be the focal point of the first sentence. When describing "what the product does", I think the opener should focus more on the "streamlining and simplifying" part of this. While plugins and extensions are very important, they are just one of the things that Snapcraft provides to simplify the packaging process.

It solves the problems of dependency management and architecture support by bundling all
of a software's libraries into the container itself, and provides a way to package any
app, program, toolkit, or library for all major Linux distributions and IoT devices.

> Snapcraft is for developers, package maintainers, fleet administrators, and hobbyists
> who are interested in publishing snaps for Linux and IoT devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snapcraft is for developers, package maintainers, fleet administrators, and hobbyists
who are interested in publishing self-contained, dependency-free software for Linux and IoT devices.
```
I'm on the fence here: I think this moves us further away from "Snapcraft is for anyone who wants to build snaps", but it might also be redundantly restating what a snap is.

Ultimately, I think what you have here sounds great as is, so I'll leave it up to you.

Author: You don't think "hobbyists" is a net for anyone not in the first three groups?

Reviewer: Sorry, I phrased my comment poorly. I was only talking about replacing "snaps" with more descriptive language. The rest of the sentence looks good to me.

Author: What snaps are and why they're important isn't really in our remit here. This is an ongoing topic that we'll revisit at other times.
